---
layout: page
title: "Basics"
category: start
date: 2015-07-09 18:34:37
---

We're going to get started with a simple video transcoding workflow: one video input and one output.

### Requirements

Before anything you need to have CPE installed and configured properly to load the Cloud Transcoding activities.

So head to the CPE documentation page and follow the "GET STARTED" section to have a running stack: http://sportarchive.github.io/CloudProcessingEngine/start/introduction.html

> Only once you have setup CPE and understand how it works you should go further in this documentation

### Plan

The CPE decider runs a Plan.yaml that you need to write. If you followed the CPE "GET STARTED" documentation your decider should be running the CT example plan that we will use for this example. You should have edited it to reference your own Video files.

The plan is as follow:

{% raw %}
```yaml
---
name: "Transcode"   # WF name in SWF
version: "1.0"      # WF version in SWF

# Listing activities
activities:
  - name: "ValidateAsset "      # Activity name in SWF
    version: "v2"
    outputs_spec:
      "metadata": "$.result"    # We output a `metadata` key that contains the input file metadata gathered by FFprobe
	
  - name: "TranscodeAsset"      # Activity name in SWF
    version: "v2"

# Listing Steps
steps:
  - name: "ValidateAsset"
    activity: "ValidateAsset"
    input: |
      {
        "input": {{__input__.input}}
      }
      
  - name: "TranscodeAsset"
    activity: "TranscodeAsset"
    requires:
    - [ValidateAsset, suceeded]
    input: |
      {
        "input": {{__input__.input}},
        "metadata": {{ValidateAsset.metadata}}
        "output": {{__input__.output}}
      }
```
{% endraw %}

This plan contains couple steps:

   - `ValidateAsset`: Processed by activity of the same name `ValidateAsset` of version `v2`
   - `TranscodeAsset`: Processed by activity of the same name `TranscodeAsset` of version `v2`

As input for the first step, we use the worflow data and input value in it `{{__input__.input}}` and curate it to only retain the `input` object in it and pass it to the activity. {{__input__}} is a keyword that reference the Workflow input payload that you client app sent when starting the job.

The second step uses the same `input` from the workflow, we also add the result value of the first step as a `metadata` field and the `output` value from the workflow input `{{__input__.output}}`. The second step also requires the first step to complete successfuly:

```
    requires:
    - [ValidateAsset, suceeded]
```

Using this Plan, your decider will be able to process many workflows of this type in parallel.

### Run the decider

To run the decider with this plan:

``
