---
layout: page
title: "output_asset"
category: specs
date: 2015-07-13 23:19:07
order: 3
---

Here we describe the type of output you can generate with CT. We describe the JSON data you must send to the stack in the `output_asset` section of the JSON payload you send to the `TranscodeActivity`.

### Navigation Menu

1. [Common attributes](#common-attributes)

    All transcoding requires common attributes regardless of their types.

2. [Video output](#video-output)

     Use this syntax to transcode a video to another video

  2. [Presets](#presets)

         Presets allow you to easily describe transcoding prameters in a file and ask the Transcoding Activity to read it and pass it to FFMpeg.
	 
  2. [Watermark](#watermark)

         If you want to overlay a watermark image on top of your video. Use those options

3. [Thumbnails output](#thumbnail-output)

     Use these options to output thumbnails from a video


### Common attributes

Those options are common to all output types.

```json
{
...
    "output_asset": {
            "type": "VIDEO",
            "bucket": "ClientA-bucket-out",
            "file": "/output1/test1_sd.mp4",
            "s3_rrs": true,
            "s3_encrypt": true,
...
```

These are the common JSON fields describing any output files of any types.

The output_type field is dependent on the input_type field. You cannot convert a VIDEO into a DOC for example.

key | type | default | mandatory | description | values
--- | ---- | ------- | --------- | ----------- | ------ 
type | string | none | yes | Type of the file to ouput | VIDEO, THUMB
bucket | string | none | yes | S3 bucket where the ouput file will be uploaded | any
file | string | none | yes | Path and filename of the file to generate and upload | any
s3_rrs | string | false | no | Activate Reduced redundancy or not in S3 storage | true, false
s3_encrypt | string | false | no | Activate backend storage encryption | true,false

### Video Output

```json
{
...
    "output_asset": {
            "type": "VIDEO",
            "bucket": "ClientA-bucket-out",
            "file": "/output1/test1_sd.mp4",
            "s3_rrs": true,
            "s3_encrypt": true,
            "preset": "720p-generic.json",
            "watermark": {
                  "bucket": "ClientA-bucket-in",
                  "file": "/watermark/logo.png",
                  "size": "75.2:28.4",
                  "opacity": 0.2,
                  "x": -20,
                  "y": -20
            }
     }
 }
```

There are the JSON fields describing VIDEO output files.

key | type | default | mandatory | description | values
--- | ---- | ------- | --------- | ----------- | ------
preset | object | none | yes | Preset to use to transcode the file | <a href="https://github.com/sportarchive/CloudTranscode-FFMpeg-presets" target="_blank">Find presets</a>
size | string | original size | no | Define output size. Valid for videos and images only | <width>x<height>
video_codec | string | from preset | no | Override the video codec used by preset | ffmpeg codec
audio_codec | string | from preset | no | Override the audio codec used by preset | ffmpeg codec
video_bitrate | string | from preset | no | Override video bitrate used by preset | valid bitrate
audio_bitrate | string | from preset | no | Override audio bitrate used by preset | valid bitrate
frame_rate | string | from preset | no | Override framerate used by preset | valid framerate
watermark | object | none | no | Describe watermark for the video | see <a href="#watermark">Watermark</a> section
keep_ratio | boolean | true | no | Keep the ratio of the original video. 4:3 or 16:9 | true,false
no_enlarge | boolean | true | no | Prevent enlarging the video size from original, even if bigger size is provided. | true,false

### Presets
```json
{
    "name": "System preset: Generic Apple TV 3G",
    "description": "Generic transcoding preset for: Apple TV 3G, Roku HD/2 XD",
    "size": "1920x1080",
    "frame_rate": 30,
    "video_bitrate": "5000k",
    "audio_bitrate": "160k",
    "video_codec": "libx264",
    "audio_codec": "libfdk_aac",
    "video_codec_options": "MaxReferenceFrames:3,Profile:high,Level:4"
}
```


The presets can contain the following entries but can be overriden by providing the same entry in your JSON payload:


key | type | default | mandatory | description | values
--- | ---- | ------- | --------- | ----------- | ------
name | string | no | yes | Name of the preset| n/a
description | string | no | yes | Description of the preset| n/a
size | string | original size | yes | Define output size. Valid for videos and images only | <width>x<height>
video_codec | string | no | yes | Override the video codec used by preset | ffmpeg codec
audio_codec | string | no | yes | Override the audio codec used by preset | ffmpeg codec
video_bitrate | string | no | yes | Override video bitrate used by preset | valid bitrate
audio_bitrate | string | no | yes | Override audio bitrate used by preset | valid bitrate
frame_rate | string | no | yes | Override framerate used by preset | valid framerate
video_codec_options | string | no | no | Codec options such as: "MaxReferenceFrames:3,Profile:high,Level:4"

<br>

A list of pre-made presets can be found in the CT project and here: https://github.com/sportarchive/CloudTranscode-FFMpeg-presets

### Watermark

```json
...
    "watermark": {
        "bucket": "ClientA-bucket-in",
        "file": "/watermark/logo.png",
        "size": "75.2:28.4",
        "opacity": 0.2,
        "x": -20,
        "y": -20
    }
...
```

Use this object within a VIDEO output description to overlay an image on top of the video.

You can control many aspects of that image using the options below.

key | type | default | mandatory | description | values
--- | ---- | ------- | --------- | ----------- | ------
butcket | string | none | yes | Bucket name where the watermark is located | any
file |string |none |yes |Filename and path of the file containing the watermark |any
size | string |none |yes |Size of the watermark in the video result | x:y. **Use -1 on x OR y, to provide no value and keep ratio**
opacity |string |0.7 |no |Change the default watermark opacity |0.1 to 1.0
x |string |-10 |no |Change the watermark position. In pixels. |-0 to -n, 0 to n
y |string |-10 |no |Change the watermark position. In pixels. |-0 to -n, 0 to n


### Thumbnail Output
> Generates a thumbnail from a precise location in the video (in seconds)

```json
{
...
    "output": {
            "type": "THUMB",
            "mode": "snapshot",
            "bucket": "ClientA-bucket-out",
            "file": "/output1/thumbs/test1_thumb.jpg",
            "s3_rrs": true,
            "s3_encrypt": true,
            "size": "160:120",
            "snapshot_sec": 5
    }
}
```

> Generates N thumbnails at each intervals (in seconds)

```json
{
...
    "output": {
            "type": "THUMB",
            "mode": "intervals",
            "bucket": "ClientA-bucket-out",
            "file": "/output1/thumbs_interval/test2_thumb.jpg",
            "s3_rrs": true,
            "s3_encrypt": true,
            "size": "-1:159",
            "intervals": 5
    }
}
```

These are the output attributes you must provide to generate thumbnails from a video. Thumbnails are an output_type on its own.

key | type | default | mandatory | description | values
--- | ---- | ------- | --------- | ----------- | ------
mode |string |snapshot |no |Type of thumbnails generation needed |snapshot, intervals
bucket |string |none |yes |S3 bucket and path where the ouput thumbnails will be uploaded |any
file |string |none |yes |filename for your thumbnails.We will append sequence number |any
intervals |integer |10 |no |Override default interval in seconds. |any
snapshot_sec |interger |0 |no |Second in the video when to take the snapshot |any
size | string |none |yes |Size of the thumbnails | x:y. **Use -1 on x OR y, to provide no value and keep ratio**


